Add github.com/confluent-kafka-go/v2/kafka instrumentation (#2301)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Changed
> 
> - Add a new package called splunkkafkav2 to the instrumentation package of confluent-kafka-go v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Add the `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/kafka/v2/splunkkafka` instrumentation for the `github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/kafka/v2` package. (#2301)
```

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add the `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/kafka/v2/splunkkafka`
>   instrumentation for the `github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/kafka/v2`
>   package. (#2301)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/v2/kafka/splunkkafka`
  instrumentation for the `github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/v2/kafka`
  package. (#2301)
```

Author: updated
